OSDOCS-19528 Fix docs for the Developer perspective Observe UI Metrics etc (#117187)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/monitoring-reviewing-monitoring-dashboards-developer.adoc

[id="reviewing-monitoring-dashboards-developer_{context}"]
= Reviewing monitoring dashboards as a developer

[role="_abstract"]

> View pre-built dashboards for projects (namespaces) you have permissions for to monitor application health and resource consumption.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use dashboards for projects or namespaces to monitor application health and resource consumption. You can see those projects that you have permissions for.
```
no parens (see IBM style)
